Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
The IT revolution will
create over 1 million new jobs.
Now you can
have all your favorite hits.
You can get
great deals on powerful desk-
Sign
up for America's Choice.
Can you hear me now?
His death is
proving to be a rebirth
in comic book sales.
Well. Gary. what Nintendo's sports game
would you like to play?
Remember a time not long ago.
when we came together to
celebrate the things we all loved.
all the things we cared about?
I thought it was the best.
It was like the
merging of my tech world.
and the social pop world.
and the movie world.
And it
was really like predicting
where we are now.
There
wasn't anything else
on television like that.
Yes sir. yes man. yes sir.
Jump. Olivia!
Oh shit!
First of all.
if I were to just start
apologizing for the things
that we did wrong 10 years ago.
this show would never end.
I miss doing
"Attack of the Show"
on a daily basis. I. I loved it.
It was like the best time of my life.
So it's about finding a
new a. a. a place that.
where a network like G4 could live.
And I think it's important
and I would love to watch it.
but for me personally. I miss it.
I miss it every day.
"Attack of the
Show" united all of us into one.
giant. nerdy family.
Ignorance is bliss and it
made for really good TV.
My name is Chris Gore and
if you were a fan of G4 TV.
or "Attack of the Show" back in the day.
you may have a vague memory of who I was.
I was the "DVDuesday" guy.
and I was there from the very beginning.
This is the story of G4 TV
and "Attack of the Show"
as told by the people who
work behind the scenes.
and they've got a lot of stories to tell.
Introducing G4.
the next level of network television.
I'm game!
G4 is
the only network dedicated
to the world of interactive entertainment.
Let's bring out the heavy artillery.
And G4 was
really one of the very last
cable channels ever launched.
It was the end of this
sort of linear cable era.
before we got to streaming.
and whatever the fuck it is. we watch now.
Pong started on
April 24th. It ran for
seven days. and nights.
Full 24 hours a day.
The very first show on our network
was a show called Blister
about action games.
Hey. I'm Bill Sindelar.
and you are watching Blister
where the action's big.
and my ego is even bigger.
Honestly. the very
early iterations of shows were
well. let's think about the
different types of video games.
There are action video games.
Okay. that's "Blister".
There are sports video
games. okay. that's "Sweat".
There was a show about
multiplayer games called "Arena".
And so they were just very
generic because nobody knew
how to make. at that point.
content about video games.
We were figuring it out as we went.
G4 from 2002 to 2004 was
growing. but it's slow.
In 2002. G4 TV and Tech TV.
were two completely different entities.
Comcast purchased Tech TV.
in order to help boost G4's
viewer base. basically.
Live from the Tech
TV studios in San Francisco.
It's the Screen Savers.
The first email's from Rick.
he says. I'm just curious.
I read that Comcast is going
to buy Tech TV. Is that true?
Yes. it is true.
The sale happened. or
rather. the agreement
happened yesterday.
and then we're waiting.
It takes a couple of months. maybe a month
for regulatory approval.
and at that point.
we'll be merged with G4.
which is their gaming channel.
And uh-
That's pretty much all we know.
That's all we know.
It was definitely
tough on the people
who came from San Francisco.
But as you can see. this
week's ratings are down.
So who's turn is it to be
taken out back and shot?
More people left from
that network than. you know.
G4 when the move happened.
Meanwhile. it was incredibly
positive and happy.
in Southern California.
We all thought. great.
The network's gonna get bigger.
We'll finally be able to be Nielsen rated.
You're using the finest
home entertainment service
available anywhere.
For a while
there. for a few months.
after the purchase. it. the
whole thing was rebranded
G4 Tech TV.
Before it was then rebranded
again to just G4 TV.
Oh! Whoops.
At some. point
post G4 Tech TV becoming G4.
There was a need to
revamp the Screen Savers.
Ladies and gentlemen and
welcome to the Screen Savers.
I'm Patrick-
There was an internal contest.
to think of a new name for the show.
And they had asked everybody.
and that was one of the beautiful
things about that network.
Anybody can have a good
idea. If they love the show.
if they love what it stands for.
then their creative
output could be the thing
that is the linchpin into
where the show goes next.
or what that iconic name could be.
If I recall the prize for
coming up with the new name
was. uh. like an iPod Video.
maybe an iPod nano. This was. you know.
it was a different time.
I was working with
Mike Shaw at the time.
I remember him kind of
spit-balling all these ideas.
and then he ended up coming
up with this manifesto.
And I might be
remembering this wrong.
but I feel like Mike
Shaw stood up and read it
with this passionate. we're not football.
we're Lord of the Rings.
And it just hit the nail on the head.
I get emotional just talking about it.
because I'm like. yes. yes. that's it.
That's who we are.
Pick up on this.
♪ Attack ♪
♪ Attack of the Show ♪
But there was something
about "Attack of the Show".
exclamation point. that
felt very much like
what we were trying to go for.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Why'd you go?
No you were supposed to-
And what the founding
fathers of the network
were trying to go for something
unique. something different.
something a little meta.
Something that was going
to kind of turn the mirror
back onto pop culture and
kind of spit in its face.
but. but then wipe it
off and give you a kiss
at the same time.
Oh yes.
Sharon.
God. I love you.
Hey man.
What's up Chris? How you doing man? God.
your hair hasn't changed at
all. Dude. that's ridiculous.
Uh. look man. I really need a favor.
Oh. you're here to
interview me for the doc.
Yes. I knew you'd come by.
I'm in. Let's do it.
Actually. no.
So.
what do you. well no like. we'll.
No.
Well. uh. okay. so what's up?
I could really use some songs.
Yeah. all right.
Later bro.
♪ Have you heard sir?
There's gonna be a merger. ♪
♪ No. you're wrong sir.
That's just absurd. sir. ♪
♪ That's the word sir. G4
is gonna submerge Tech TV. ♪
♪ It's a dream merger for nerds. sir. ♪
♪ Look. I know what you're
thinking. Man. I can't stand ya. ♪
♪ Zack. you're a Jewish
wannabe Lin Manuel Miranda. ♪
♪ Ha. But it happened just
like they warned you. ♪
♪ The G4 TV world was formed. ♪
The first time I
remember meeting Kevin Pereira.
I think he was an intern on a
show that was awkwardly titled
G4 TV.com.
Kevin was my
assistant. he was my PA.
I once
was a PA at the network.
getting balance bars and coffee.
And then one day in the
lunchroom. an executive producer
for another show called "Arena".
asked me if I had any
interest in being on camera.
And I looked around and I didn't
see a couch. it felt safe.
And I said. yes.
I think you're gonna
be the best host ever.
Really?
You really got it kid.
Wow. Thanks Sarah. I appreciate it.
Have a good day.
Yeah. I will. You too.
All right.
Awesome. Yeah.
Yeah. it's gonna be great.
He was doing
some internet radio show
that had a little bit of a following.
that might be how Scott found him.
And so I'm sitting there
and while I'm using my
little Johnson baby shampoo.
some gets in my eyes and
although it says no tears
on the bottle. let me
tell you that stuff burns.
Okay? My eyes were red.
You have to work as a team here
to survive here in "Arena".
Well. team-
There was some sort
of issue with Wil Wheaton.
and the other host of "Arena."
Trying to say is that they-
Okay "Campy McCamp Camp".
You know what? Maybe I should camp you.
All right go ahead. why
don't you do that camper.
I'm going to watch the pirate ship sink.
Why don't you do that.
Kevin ended up Hosting "Arena".
which was this sort of LAN
party competitive gaming show.
It was just really clear that
even though he was young.
even though he couldn't
grow a real mustache.
he was super talented and super witty.
and it kind of didn't matter
what you wrote in the script
because he was just gonna go.
I've been really sick.
I still am a little bit.
So there will be phlegm.
I promise at some point in the show today.
Neat.
Perhaps it might land on you.
Sarah. if you're lucky.
He had always wanted
to be on camera and you know.
rightfully so. he's good on camera.
Bye kids.
And our
director at the time said.
we can never put that kid on camera.
He was scrawny and his jawline wasn't. uh.
he looked like a little tiny kid. right?
And he just wasn't the
image of male hunk-ness
that your typical host or
television personality would have.
So. clearly that director
has since been proven wrong.
since Kevin did get his shot on camera.
and he did great at it.
Who the hell is that d-bag?
Welcome to the "Console Pit".
We're about to get it on in "Burnout 2".
Oh nice molester stash. Yeah. that's it.
Oh. and a Canadian tuxedo.
Real classy.
I honestly don't remember
if he had the mustache
when I was with him.
You said. oh look at the mustache.
Well the mustache is the best part.
He was a TV host.
who was also a production
assistant on another show.
which on the one hand is like insulting.
but on the other hand is like.
that's kind of how G4 was that time.
I was just impressed as hell
that he was finding a path as a career
in this space. so
efficiently and so quickly.
and just impressed by his talent.
Guy was good mustache or not.
Oh!
What?
Kevin. you do know who that is. right?
Let's let the fur fly
in Unreal Tournament.
Yeah. it's. uh. it's Shia LaBeouf.
The Transformers kid.
No. it's you.
That's not-
Shut. shut up. get outta of here.
Close. close the door.
Lots of lead punishment.
It is me
So
let's get to the action.
and see what happens in "SOCOM 2".
Kinda hot.
Kevin Pereira was
basically the Bugs Bunny
of "Attack of the Show". He was
there to disrupt everything.
You know. right before we went live.
I'd hear a three. two. one. go.
And Kevin had just shown
me "Two Girls. One Cup".
and I have a horrified look on my face.
Sarah Lane
came into my office and said.
"I don't think I want to do this anymore.
I'm kind of burnt out".
And I said. "Okay. give me enough time
to find someone to replace you.
and then we'll just get you out of this".
So my friend sent me a
series of VHS resume tapes.
and one of them with the
name Lisa Munn on it.
included a young woman who was shown doing
sideline reporting from
the University of Oklahoma
football games. And as it turns
out. that was Olivia Munn.
Olivia had just done a show
called "Beyond the Break"
in a small role about
surfer girls in Hawaii.
Other than that. she had
no credits whatsoever.
I took Lisa Munn. who now Olivia Munn.
and about a dozen other candidates
and brought them in and Kevin
did a 10 minute sequence
of "Attack of the Show" with each of them.
And there were many who were
not right for it at all.
Whitney Cummings. as a matter of fact.
was one of the people who
came in and auditioned.
Everyone loved her. she was incredible.
There was no one better
than Whitney Cummings
until Olivia Munn came on set.
Hello everybody.
welcome to "Attack of the Show".
It's Monday. April 10th.
I'm Kevin Pereira and I am
honored. It is a privilege.
to welcome our new co-host because it.
it says it right there on the prompter.
I had a little trouble sounding it out.
Olivia Munn. ladies and
gentlemen. come on now.
Olivia brought
a lot to that show.
She brought her voice.
she brought her attitude.
she brought her energy.
Hello Governors.
I am Olivia Munn.
I'll be playing the part
of Strawberry Field.
She was relatively
unknown but was like. so pro.
Hi everybody. I'm Olivia Munn.
and I know that Kevin and Chris
are hosting the show today.
so it might be missing a feminine touch.
So I thought I'd inject a
little femininity into the show.
So here you go.
Vagina. vagina. vagina.
Kevin's mom's vagina. Kevin's
vagina. coochie. vagina.
My vagina is a little
itchy right now. Vagina.
Thanks. vagina. Bye.
She sold everything
that we wrote for her.
She delivered amazingly.
No-
They smell really fresh and
musty. Okay cool!
I watched
in these rehearsals
where Olivia held her own
and came up with things
that were just as crazy as
what they were suggesting.
She wasn't
really afraid of much.
but she was afraid of snakes and I. I.
I believe there was one
episode where we had her lay
on the couch and we dumped
a bunch of snakes on her.
and I. I just remember being like. wow.
Munn. I'm proud of you.
That's. that took. that
took some guts. come on.
Kevin. uh.
Olivia Munn.
She's really
ready to do anything
to make sure this show is successful.
Drop the muffin.
Hi. I'm Wonder Woman.
Superhero.
celebrity.
and your guide to office safety.
There's something
that that can be said about
when you know that someone has
it. that star quality thing.
And she had great
chemistry with Kevin on camera.
They were such a great team.
Yes. bigger.
Oh.
What is it? How is that gonna
get attention. There we go.
Work them dollars.
I think initially. Olivia was
trying her hardest to get a sense of the
workings of the show.
Camera turning where to.
you know. sort of be.
Like when she could chime in and do a bit.
How she could get a
reaction from a camera.
She's like. "What are you
doing? I love you so much.
why are you cheating on
me? With that girl with-
Hey camera guy.
you're only encouraging this crap.
Stop with the slow push
and cut to Pereira.
Thank you.
Now. just because epic- Oh man.
You know. just because Epic April is over.
it doesn't mean we still
don't get unnecessarily angry
about things. Right Olivia?
Yeah. I
mean she's a great actress.
That's right.
But she
is a brilliant comedian.
and that's why she was able
to hold her own with Kevin.
'cause she can play blue
just as much as him.
Olivia. um. Even. I
don't know where that's been.
I don't swallow with Kevin.
And Kevin was trying
to figure out. you know.
what can I get away with.
Dudes just want to have sex with them.
Really terribly.
Ah.
Oh my God!
And it was amazing because
it would just be a fun
game for them to see.
what troll-y joke can I just slip in here?
There's your special edition
right there. Chris Gore.
I just. I just realized the forum trap
of the animated gif of this.
He's you
know. naturally so gifted
at just going. and going. and going.
There's a release.
Come here buddy! Who's my buddy? Who's my-
Sony 3.1.
Oh shit!
Oh God. that felt so good.
Kevin. are you okay?
Fantastic.
That had to hurt.
Kevin. you hit your head.
Do you know if. when
you bleed internally.
I had heard
about Kevin a little bit
from Jim Downs and from Scott Rubin.
You know. like. oh there's
this kid that we're bringing in
now that is a little on the green side.
but he's got a lot of passion.
He obviously knows his shit.
A storm is coming.
Oh. just stop doing that.
There was something so exciting
about watching the onscreen
talent evolve on camera.
Oh my God.
Yeah. Yeah.
Watching someone
who truly had. you know.
very little experience
in the. in that field.
and being on camera like
that and being the voice
of a network. because Kevin was us.
These are terrible.
These are like. these are
the worst things ever.
ATM breaking. monkey washes cat.
We didn't come up with
these. some set designer did.
"OMGROFLOL!" has now become
an inside joke for our show.
It's one of the worst things ever.
And then Gadget Pron.
Reviews of latest gadgets
and latest and greatest tech. Really?
Okay. They're watching
the show. They get it.
Kevin.
he had all of this stuff.
but it was also kind of. you know.
subversive 4Chan dark comedy.
you know. kind of stuff.
which was great. It was always
really good for big laughs.
You have an increased
risk of becoming bipolar.
Guess what. Munn? Didn't need
a DNA test to tell me that.
Psycho!
And she'd
come up with something
even better.
Can't detect sweat. smell very well.
And that's fair because
if you're around him.
as you boys are. he smells like poop.
He's also more susceptible
to getting AIDs.
Wrap that little thing up.
What? Oh come on!
Wrap it up!
I think
the Cholula incident
tells you everything you need to know
about that relationship.
Our Lady of Cholula.
Mmhmm.
Oh my gosh!
Oh Cholula!
Woo!
Let's get to it.
You know.
in rehearsals we thought
it was literally gonna go like two shots.
and that Olivia will give up.
Woo!
Well Kevin kept pushing it.
He said. "Well I'm gonna do another one.
because I wanna make her do another one.
Three! Three! Three! Three!
And then she did another one.
and I think it ended up being eleven.
Ah!
The two
of them spent the night
on the toilet.
I've been doing
broadcast for over 25 years.
I've been in a lot of places.
and seen a lot of co-hosts and stuff.
And I don't recall a time where there was
an instant chemistry like
with Olivia and Kevin.
Do you want me to hit
you? Because I will hit you.
I'll hit you live on TV.
with your parents watching.
That would not be nice.
because maybe some of that
cornstarch would come
out of your hair and get-
♪ Kevin and Olivia. it
was all about you. ♪
♪ But guess what? There
were some other hosts too. ♪
♪ like Sarah Lane and Brendan
back in the day. see. ♪
♪ Will O'Neal. "The Feed"
with Layla Kayleigh ♪
♪ and Kevin Rose. ♪
♪ He kind of made it big.
Founded Digg. got paid. ♪
♪ Way better gig. ♪
♪ I figure you recall
my days on the show. ♪
♪ with Blair Butler and Kristin Holt. ♪
♪ and Chris Hardwick and
so many. many more. ♪
♪ Oh and sometimes they use
that guy named Chris Gore. ♪
Sometimes.
When they brought
Chris Gore into the fold
as part of "Attack of the
Show". to me as a huge fan
of transgressive cinema
and punk rock film.
that to me was a vote of confidence.
Time to recline the
La-Z-Boy. It's "DVDuesday".
Welcome back our film
expert. Chris Gore.
Thank you.
Thank you folks.
I loved doing
"DVDuesday" and the "Rapid Fire".
"Longest Yard".
Best football movie ever.
You've got "Slap Shot". Best hockey-
This was the segment where Chris
had to review a stack
of DVDs in about like.
I think it was 30 seconds or a minute.
And he would give like a quick
review of a movie and then
toss the DVD cover and
move on to the next one.
And it was always fun to
watch him fumble through it.
and do as many as he could.
Sometimes he was able to
go through the stacks.
Sometimes he. he wasn't.
but always fun to watch.
And then from there
the wheels were off the bus.
You can get another light bulb. right?
Eh.
Yeah. No big deal. Check it out.
Whoa. That's cool.
And it's on fire.
It's actually on fire now.
which is. well blog it.
Any wacky idea.
we could see if it sticks.
Yeah. I noticed the. the arrow looks
reversed here for some reason.
Well. it is.
And that can cause tire damage. right?
You know. this
small server is gonna go
past these little muscles
and rest for a small period
of time up here in the
lower part of the colon.
How come I don't hear the theme from
"2001: A Space Odyssey?"
Oh man.
Oh. what is going on?
That doesn't feel right.
What
is going on right now?
And we're we're as
far as we need to be today.
That's perfect.
Well that's it?
We're in.
We're in. Oh God.
The reason this is cool is that
you can see it for yourself.
Head on over to you. your ass got served.
and you will be viewing a
webpage that is literally
being served up from
inside of our participant.
Be part of history. It's
being made right now.
and it's disturbing to say the least.
Kevin and
Olivia jumping into the pie.
I think that's probably
one of the seminal moments.
The world
has been waiting for a
half-Chinese. half-American
girl. from the Midwest.
diving into a giant chocolate
film cre-. filled cream pie.
My friends. this is America at its finest.
Drink it up.
And
they made this giant pie.
I guess it was a world record
and they were trying for that.
We had bought
out every can of pudding
in the LA area. and it
was just this huge project
in the studio.
Three. two. one!
Jump Olivia!
When Olivia
first jumped in the pie.
they had a little pad at the bottom.
so she didn't hurt herself.
but she missed the pad.
or jumped past the pad.
and her knees hit the concrete floor.
She was just doubled over in pain.
Luckily she
hid it. but it was pretty hurt.
Unbeknownst
to me. Kevin decided.
so that she wouldn't
feel super uncomfortable.
we had a French made costume
underneath his tuxedo.
and he jumped in.
He kind of
went in more diving style.
He. he landed more on. on his butt.
This is what
America can accomplish. Huh?
I still can't hear outta my right ear.
What? What happened?
There's pudding in it.
Should I blow it to the other side?
Yes. clear out.
Oh. oh. oh!
Apparently the
pudding got into everything.
and so they had to get
everything cleaned out.
and then it took two
days with a septic truck
to actually empty that whole thing out.
I thought
your knee popped out.
I thought we were going
the ambulance again.
Even Andy was like. "I could
hear that. That was bad".
By then.
the studio stunk really bad
because all this pudding. It
had just gone horribly wrong.
Well thanks
Internet for making this a.
this a possibility. You
know. I don't know if I'd say
it was a dream of mine.
but it was someone's dream.
and look what happened. huh?
These were the kinds of things
that just happened on a regular basis.
We would read through these
skits. and they were super funny
and we would carry them out live on TV.
And then. one of these two
would just do something
that would bring an extra
panache to whatever it was
we were doing.
♪ Attack of the Show. Attack. ♪
National Major League
Gaming championships.
Then it turns out McHammer
isn't dead. or so he says. And-
Kevin picked up on it right away
and Olivia was like. what?
Hey McHammer don't hurt him.
Did I say something wrong?
Yeah. No. no. I mean. no. you're fine.
Jeff Bridges kicks it-
He finally pointed it out to her.
Was is McHammer?
It's MC Hammer!
It's her reaction to it.
and the embarrassment of
it. Boy is it spectacular.
Is that Ronald McDonald
with parachute pants from the eighties?
And then the
forums would just light up.
and then become something
bigger than it is.
Thanks McHammer!
Someone had the idea
to do the "McHammer" thing
and hire Kel to play McHammer.
It's McHammer Time. McHammer.
Too legit.
too legit to quit baby!
Yeah!
See?
We have to get
him into studio sometime.
We need to. so we can
teach you how to dance.
Oh no. you don't
have to wait for McHammer.
McHammer's here!
My. my. my. my name's McHammer.
Oh my. I like shakes and fries.
Don't you.
wanna eat my double McNugget.
baby move your feet.
Oh!
And that just all spawned from a.
a live natural moment.
That's part of the.
the magic of that show.
Quite thrust-y.
He's breaking in down like a Big Mac
for the camera ladies and gentlemen.
One week.
I told executive producer
Gavin Purcell that I
couldn't do "DVDuesday".
I had to go to Comic-Con
and Gavin asked me.
"Comic-Con. what's that? A
convention for comedians?"
And I said. no. it's San Diego Comic-Con
is the biggest pop culture
convention in the world.
So that week right after DVDuesday.
I jumped in my car and drove to San Diego.
Hey man. I gotta pee.
Well you should have thought about that
before we left Chris.
Listen. we're halfway to Comic-Con.
Just hold it. You can
pee when we get there.
You'll be fine. Everybody's fine.
Avengers assemble bitch. yeah!
What does that. what
does does that mean?
Avengers assemble.
All right. I don't
know what that means and.
Avengers assemble.
Yeah. that's. that's great.
You don't need to raise this roof up.
I know. but I'm like hulking
out. It's our nerd cry.
But
don't Hulk out in the car.
Just don't hit the roof.
Okay.
Don't test me!
All right. all right.
Hey Blair. you think I
can read one of your comics?
You have like 20 boxes back here.
Actually those are my
"Film Threat" magazines.
Then. where the are my comics?
Don't worry. I put 'em on the roof.
What?
No. Blair? No. No.
In the car. in the car. You're fine.
My comics!
Your comics
are fine. Everybody's fine.
Anybody want
to hear some humorous.
country rock twang?
No. No. Zach. no.
Zach! There will be no
humorous. country rock twang
while I'm driving. Zach. thank you though.
You know what? Don't
test me on this.
Go Host arena. Okay. pal?
Excuse me sir.
Do you have any Grey Poupon?
Any who. I'm just gonna.
take my sweet invisible
jet. and fight Cheetah.
rape Steve Trevor. probably in that order.
So.
just see you "dork-o"s later.
Uh. hey guys. I don't
have to pee anymore.
Dude. Gore!
Are you kidding me?
Obviously you don't
have to anymore either.
Avengers assemble. bitch.
Don't
touch the roof!
E3 and Comic-Con
to me were. you know.
the linchpins to G4.
Nobody was really that
familiar with Comic-Con
back in those days.
but when we actually made
it to our first Comic-Con
in San Diego. that was. that
was a pretty amazing time.
And I really feel those are
the shows that cemented G4
as a up and coming cool channel.
We're about to enter every
comic book geeks fantasy
right now.
This is Comic-Con!
They had never
allowed a television network
to put a stage in and broadcast
an entire television show
live from inside the convention.
And I convinced them to let us do it.
And they didn't realize the flood gates
that they were opening.
No other TV show
has ever broadcasted live
from this monster event.
So be prepared to witness
history in the making.
Guinness is here.
They are watching.
They put us right
inside the main entrance
on a stage that was only
one foot off the floor.
Thousands of fans refused to
move. blocking the entrance.
because they wanted to watch
"Attack of the Show" live.
It was so successful that
the next year they allowed us
to build a two-story
stage so that our hosts
could actually be above Comic-Con.
and we still clogged up all the aisles.
Yes. You look great. you look great.
I'm. I'm glad you decided to join me.
What do you mean join you? What do you?
You're supposed to dress up with me.
Can you tell who I am? Hmm.
No.
Green Lantern. What?
There's my ring.
Done.
What?
Green Lantern! Yeah.
No. no. no. no.
The challenges at those spaces
were size limitations. number one.
They work really hard.
work really hard.
The sheer amount of crowd.
and it wasn't even as crowded
back then. as it is now.
Like.
I'd see the pictures
from the guys who went
and it was. it was insane.
Like you. you couldn't go on
your lunch break more than
to the bathroom. because it
was such an insane asylum.
So it was hard
to get over to the stage.
get prepped.
You're
working in the trailers.
then you gotta come out
to the production trucks.
I could've gave you a chair.
Then you gotta run
all the way to the stage
within five minutes.
because your next segment's coming up.
Day one was insane. man.
Genji] Doing those shows
helped both Comic-Con.
and G4 get to bigger heights.
Ten years. twelve years
later. it's just massive.
And I think those shows
had a lot to do with it.
and it's exposing it to. you know.
an audience that maybe wasn't quite sure.
Maybe they just didn't
know a whole lot about
what was going on out there.
They were. those were
some of the best times.
Before
then. Comic-Con was probably
only covered by a San
Diego local news person
standing outside the
convention center saying.
"Oh. this is crazy. There's
a lot of people here."
Versus actually doing coverage.
which I think also kind of coincided with
television networks and.
and. and movie studios
realizing. hey. if there are people here.
we should have a presence
here to help build our movie.
Now when
they hold that convention.
so many of the people who attend
are people from Hollywood.
from the movies. from television.
from all forms of the media.
They're looking for the next great idea.
that might be in comic books.
Huh?
You're at Comic-Con?
Yes. I am.
You wanna say that loud with excitement?
I'm at Comic-Con!
Behold.
Today. the
console war reaches new heights
and only one network
brings it to you live.
When I arrived at G4.
they had only aired the
press events from E3.
So I said. let's take these press events.
and put our hosts in front of them.
Geez. Hey everybody
welcome to E3 '06 Live.
Let's do post
shows where we talk to people
about what they just saw.
Let's take what is coverage.
and make it content. And within two years.
we've turned it into 25
hours of live television.
Microsoft knows the console
is up against some stiff competition
in the form of the PlayStation
3. but they're counting
on the success of Xbox Live
and a few key exclusives
to really save the day.
We'd go down there.
and shoot this mega. mega content.
is in the house!
We would capture
it for three. four days.
and a stream of live
packages right into. uh.
the live show and the countdown ticker
for when we'd be dropping information.
We're gonna break news here.
Sessler. and Morgan. They were.
they were so into the games.
I'm so excited!
They would
always ask great questions.
that would lead to a little
nugget of information
about the game that they would
possibly try to leak to us
before anybody else. And that
was like their specialty.
What's inside it? We didn't hear much
in the way of the specs. I
think. I think. Bill Gates
actually kind of rattled
'em off very quickly
We've got secrets. you'll
see some stuff at retail.
It's a monster inside. man.
There's a monster inside. I mean.
are there. are there any numbers?
ATI is doing
this really. really great
custom graphics card for
us. with 10 megabytes
of embedded DRAM. that's
gonna let programmers
just do amazing things with graphics.
All right. It's an exciting
and a stressful time.
There's no question. if
anyone could handle it.
It is J. Allard.
It was a
surreal broadcasting space
where it came together and we
were making this television
where kids were tapped into this event.
And it's something that I've grown up with
my entire video game life.
And so it was really cool to watch.
and be a part of to make that.
And it's one of the most
satisfying things we did at G4
is we became the home for E3.
No one covered that
convention the way we did.
and it was a communal experience.
and we owned that convention.
I'm very proud of that.
Technology.
the fastest moving force
in the galaxy. engineered
by the smartest minds
on the planet.
The CES stuff in Vegas.
I remember going out. doing karaoke.
having beers with everybody.
and then hoping everybody
made it to the set at
7:00 AM for the call time.
It was always an adventure.
♪ I'm up my gear and I'm
heading to the desert. ♪
♪ Got some microchips and beer. ♪
♪ and nothing rhymes with desert. ♪
♪ Quadruple graphics cards for my DSLRs. ♪
♪ I don't care that there's no apples. ♪
♪ They got robot guitars. ♪
We would go to GDC.
the Game Developer's Conference.
where we would go to San
Francisco. and we would watch devs
make a video game in 24
hours. and then also check out
what other video game
developers were putting out
at the time. And it was
really exciting to be
in the space to see which
game's coming out next.
If you're a gamer. that kind
of thing is very special
to be involved with. to be able
to see that thing firsthand.
The Tokyo
Game Show is finally here. folks
and what a show it is. Over
600 titles out on that floor.
Three next generation
consoles. all battling it out.
Jockeying for the number one position.
We started going to
Tokyo for Tokyo Game Show.
And we were there for 17
days and it was absolutely
fucking nuts.
Welcome to Tokyo.
the coolest city on the planet.
6.000 miles away. and two steps ahead.
All the stuff
that we filmed in Tokyo.
we would stay in Shinjuku. And
me. and Kevin. and Sessler.
a bunch of the producers.
were told very. very strictly.
Do not go to sleep when
you get to the hotel.
Oh. hope that is.
So all of us go out to karaoke
until four or five o'clock in
the morning and then pass out.
Kevin.
We would do stuff like that.
Everybody was fearless.
I mean we would go out.
and we would eat anything.
We would go anywhere.
and like it was so fun.
Oh my god. It's all bone.
The delicate taste is
very pleasing to my palate.
And then we had
fourteen to sixteen hour days.
We had a lot to cover.
We had to do live hits.
We were doing packages.
One of my favorite packages
that we ever did that I still.
it was one of my favorite
memories of just being on a shoot.
How
long have I been awake?
So many questions.
No wonder I can't sleep. and
I can't shake the feeling.
that I'm being followed.
Brian Keller
came up with this gag.
that was supposed to look like a kaiju
from a Godzilla movie.
We had him built
by a costume designer in LA.
and it's this gigantic
purple googly eye squid.
And we brought him to Japan.
in a big refrigerator box.
Hey. you're awake.
Oh my God. No. no.
don't eat me. don't eat me
No. no.
Mr. Kevin Pereira. I'm your friend.
Please calm down. You passed out.
So one morning the producer was
in this squid costume. and
it was like five o'clock
in the morning. these
dumb-ass fucking Americans.
are running around this huge fish market
that is just packed with people.
And Kevin is narrating it the whole time.
But it was like
the Kevin and Squid show.
and they're like doing
this bromance all over
the streets of Tokyo.
Let's get some food. Yeah.
Oh!
It was fantastic.
There were people who had knives.
that were coming up against us. like.
while we were running
through. It was crazy.
You never knew what you
were gonna get next.
You're a funny squid.
No man. you. you're the man dude. you.
No. you.
You.
You. you're the man.
The stage
that I'm on right now.
you'll notice it's pushed forward.
This is like sort of an interview spot.
but we can actually scoot it
back right beneath this plasma.
And then normally this is the
home base area for the show.
So our sets really modular.
Um. we. It happens to be the
size of a Payless shoebox.
It's a very. very small studio.
But. through positioning of monitors.
and using wide angle lenses.
we really make it look like
it's a "Seacrestian" sized dressing room.
here on the old set. And
then again over here.
more crazy plasmas. There's.
uh. me and Candace down there
and we can can pipe
individual images to this.
B-roll clips from a movie.
or from a video game.
or from whatever if a guest
is coming on to talk about it.
And. uh. that's a light.
And these are cameras. these
are what steal our soul.
In like 2004.
2005 maybe. all of a sudden.
we were all getting recognized.
All of a sudden. people were
asking take for our pictures.
All of a sudden. we
needed a security guard
to follow us around.
Because when one person asks
for your picture. then everyone
around thinks it's okay.
and next thing you know
you got 50 people asking
for your picture. Those were
some pretty milestone moments.
Look at how far we've come.
and at the time. you know.
we were the only ones who
knew what that felt like.
This is the AOTS panel.
and it's very crowded.
I. I don't
Are we going in soon?
Extremely crowded.
Somebody
threw panties at Kevin.
Yeah.
That was your wife.
I love my wife.
I love her too.
Not in that way. It's purely physical.
And so here we were
in this crazy weird position
where we were being hounded
for pictures and autographs.
and so I think that
bonded us all. because it.
it would be hard for anyone
not in that position to relate
to what that feels like.
We'd be on the show floor.
and I'd be walked along with
either Kevin. or Olivia.
We didn't have a lot of
security for them because
it was still sort of a growing
thing and we'd get stopped.
We couldn't go five feet
without people wanting
to take pictures and eventually
it would get so tight.
You would just have to
push through people.
and ignore people and try
not to be jerks about it.
Olivia. you're awesome.
Thank you.
Kev. You're cool too. as well.
You're cool too. What a compliment!
You hear that? That's a compliment.
Hey.
you're alright as well.
Hey. sometimes I like watching you.
I. I think one time
was Olivia wearing slave Leia
at one of the Comic-Cons.
Fans were losing their minds
trying to get pictures with her.
and we would just have
to like cover her up.
and get her out of the venue.
I am the Leia.
In the end. There can be only one.
I am the last!
You even killed the younglings.
Yeah. well they should have ducked.
Olivia!
They need you back on set.
What?
And they need you in regular clothes.
Oh. huh.
And I think the police
are looking for you.
Oh. haha.
Sorry.
Okay.
At one point. "Attack
of the Show" was mentioned
in Rolling Stone. It was
mainly this. it was like.
"Attack of the Show"
is the fun. cool. hip.
technology gaming show on G4 network.
We know we've never heard of
it either. in parenthesis.
and it says. it's worth it. to watch
the stunning Olivia Munn lead
you through your daily grind
of video games. tech movies.
and celebrity interviews.
The dudes on the show
are mostly forgettable.
Then I was like fuck you!
You know?
We knew that
"Attack of the Show" had become
a pop culture hit when "Big Bang Theory"
put "Attack of the Show" and G4 Magnets.
on their refrigerator.
John Favreau everybody!
Yeah. when you got here.
I had to parade you around
to the different sections.
I know. It's. I got.
it's just grown so much
since last time we did this.
Yeah. It's unbelievable. You-
This all really started here. for us.
It did.
We came off the panel. and
you were the one who said.
"Hey. it went over like gang busters".
I didn't know.
Yeah.
You know how. how much
the word had spread.
and now here we are two years
later with "Iron Man 2".
And thanks to you and thanks
to "Attack of the Show"
for being there for us and covering it
for the last few years and
really starting the grassroots
support for it that brought us mainstream
into all the success we had.
Well thank.
thank you so much John.
We love you. We love Iron Man.
That's
what I think G4 did best
about these events that mainstream media
didn't really realize.
Just seeing other celebrities
walking by and realizing.
hey. it's G4. Hey. it's
a "Attack of the Show"!
In our world. in this. in
this world of pop culture.
we had placed our mark as like.
we are the ones who know how
to cover this. Come watch us.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Let's welcome one of our own
to the stage. Mr. John Favreau.
Hey.
One year. the
opening shot for Comic-Con Live.
is Jon Favreau climbing up the stairs.
reaching out to the fans
and announcing the beginning
of our Comic-Con coverage
live and inviting
all of the fans there to come
and see a premier screening
of Cowboys and Aliens
because we were the audience
he was trying to reach and
he loved hanging out with us.
I hope
he knows what he just did.
Wow. that was awesome.
That was amazing.
♪ Well. Jon Favreau's one of my heroes. ♪
♪ I used to love when he'd come on. ♪
♪ Too bad "Cowboys and
Aliens" straight bombed. ♪
♪ Will his career ever
get back on track? ♪
♪ I highly doubt it can. ♪
Oh shit. he directed Iron Man?
Nevermind.
The fact that James Cameron
made "Attack of the Show" his stop.
to talk on the eve of
the premier of Avatar.
says so much about what we became.
No other show I
think would have. you know.
James Cameron come in. and
take a. a folding chair.
and smash a mannequin
called "Drunkle Ted".
And I've always wanted to. all right.
After you sir.
Here we go.
You know.
it's just the fact that.
A - it's James Cameron. you know.
here's one of the top
directors in his field.
and he's on our show. and
he's taking a metal chair
to a dummy.
James freaking Cameron. everybody!
Can I keep the chair?
I'm keeping the chair
You keep that. That is yours.
He was always very
open to doing bits like that.
or on his entrance I remember
he came smashing through
a wall of cardboard boxes.
Remember me? You owe me an autograph.
Uh oh. uh oh.
One of the best
things that I ever wrote
for the show was
a recurring bit called
Jeremy's Dragon Corner.
where Jeremy Hache. who
was one of the producers
on the show. dressed up in
this like medieval garb.
And just talked about
how cool dragons were.
So I saw that movie
Avatar. it was pretty cool.
Except for the part where all
the avatars had to jump onto
the backs of space dragons
and like have sex with them.
with their hair or whatever.
I maintain that sex with
dragons is one of God's special
mysteries. And if it happens.
the dragon you.
not the other way around.
Not cool avatars.
Not cool.
And then we had James
Cameron come on and we said.
Hey. would you mind filming
this rebuttal to Jeremy.
in "Jeremy's Dragon Corner"?
And he was like. yes.
I will totally do this.
Because James Cameron loved
being on "Attack of the Show".
and was down for anything
that we made him do.
He did it all straight faced.
He did it all totally
seriously. And it's chef's kiss.
Jeremy. you have no idea what the
you're talking about.
I spent eight years
researching space dragon sex.
and that's exactly how it would happen.
I'm James Cameron. Goodnight.
Can we take a second
to dispel some rumors?
I was not Boba Fetish.
That wasn't me.
I actually did get to keep the costume.
but it wasn't me.
Those aren't the pants
you're looking for.
I have felt him my master.
We mentioned earlier
that there will be some
new set pieces. but there's a
crazy new thing going on here.
It looks. it looks like
internets are happening here.
It's our new Twitter wall.
It's a Twitter wall.
"Attack of the
Show"'s. Twitter wall was.
if not the first. one
of the first examples
of integrating social
media into television.
You'll
see our Twitter wall.
which we reference often
throughout the show.
We like to keep things interactive
and get realtime feedback
from the fans. answer their questions.
let them ask questions of our
guests or make witty comments.
So throughout the show. this thing scrolls
with realtime comments from our audience.
Our TV finalists come from
a variety of programs that use Twitter
to connect with their viewers.
We actually won two
Shorty awards back to back
in two years time for best
use of Twitter on television.
Oh
my God. it's. it's a tie.
It's a tie. It's a tie.
Congratulations "Attack of the Show"
and "Sesame Street".
The Shorty Awards
being as they called themselves.
the Academy Awards of the internet.
But we had already been doing
stuff with the Twitter wall
for a couple of years before
the Shorty awards even existed.
I mean. we had to be
white-listed with Twitter
because of how much data
we were pulling from Twitter
to get. you know. the feed
of the "Attack of the Show"
fans giving their reactions
in real time.
I think that's kind of rude.
Whoa. hey.
where did that come from?
@Megan_Lustofin says uh.
can Alison and Danny do a "Community" rap?
Having audience
feedback. audience reaction.
is what gave this show its energy.
Here we go. here we go.
Oh. oh. what is up?
I'm chilling at AOTS with Danny Pudi.
Oh!
Shaking out booty in the sister studio.
Phil Collins. like Emmy Robins.
that girl I went to high
school with. Just kidding.
That was a lie. What?
Whoa!
The Twitter wall
was all about the fans.
Some people would come in.
you know. as they could.
others would show up every so often.
And then there was the
dedicated core viewer army.
who if they didn't show up.
you kind of worried about them.
What's up "Attack of the Show"?
Hey "Attack of the Show".
What's up "Attack of the
Show". This is Danny Cubas-
They were really the drivers.
They were the taste makers.
they were the influencers
of "Attack of the Show" before
influencer was even a thing.
I. yeah. I think
that one of the biggest things
that was a. a marvel for G4.
is that it created a sense
of community within this
small kind of marginalized
community already.
that people didn't really
look at as cool or as hip.
And they made these people hip and cool.
In the eighties.
Nerds were nerds.
You could not effectively
admit to a lot of people
that you collected comic books.
that you played Dungeons and Dragons.
that you played video games.
You know today.
we're talking about the
importance of inclusion.
And G4. and "Attack of the Show".
for that particular
generation. was the first spark
of inclusion on a mass scale.
That showed people. oh.
there are people like me.
out there who like what I like.
and it's okay.
I feel
like that type of show
really opened the door for
people to kind of peek in.
and see. oh. this isn't so bad.
G4 is to TV
as the MCU is to movies.
The show helped elevate
nerd culture by saying.
you know what. not only are we going
to cater to everything that you love.
but we're gonna do it in
such a cool. expansive way
that we're gonna draw new people
in. We're gonna show people
that the thing you love
isn't lame and for losers.
it's for everybody.
You don't have
to play Super Mario.
We're gonna show you why
other people do play.
You could bring Star Trek
fan. and Star Wars fans
and they could sit down
and have a meal together.
Lewis and Gilbert did
not fight for our nerd rights
for us to not get along with each other.
That's the problem with nerd-dom.
and geek-dom. and fandom.
in this day and age. It's
practically. you know.
civil war levels of us
versus them when it comes
to an opinion seemingly in any fandom.
It's sad to see. because ten
years ago you didn't see that.
That's where
we really lucked out.
is that we got the ability
to create essentially
our own crazy YouTube videos.
We gotta do it together.
A lot of times some
of the opinions that you read
are not always nice. As we
know the internet is full of
sad people sometimes and I
feel like "Attack of the Show"
fans are never in that. So thank you fans.
I would like to
thank those G4 TV viewers.
The ones who showed up every single day
for "Attack of the Show".
They were not paid audience
members like you see
with a lot of live studio
audience shows from Hollywood.
They were there of their own accord.
They showed up because they had a voice.
When it went out the
air. it was like saddest day.
one of the saddest days of my life.
This week. Chris Gore went
to the Asian underground
and came back hurt.
Aw.
It's true.
Well. let's just say that while-
No reaction?
Well here's the thing.
It's Chris Gore first.
Secondly. while he was covering
some ass kicking films.
he may have kicked his own ass.
You go back and
watch the the segments.
you'll know that Chris had
to do an intro to the piece.
And then what he would usually do is.
talk for a couple
seconds. say where we are.
and what we are doing. and
then kick off the segment.
So this one particular
one. he decided to do
a walk and talk plus a high kick.
This edition
of Asian Underground.
prepare to have wisdom
knocked into your brain
with a high kick.
With a high kick.
Ow. oh.
Ow. ow. ow. ow. my. my jeans.
The whole
story. including the guy
that worked there. just
could not stop laughing.
And I believe that that clip
is probably more memorable
than the entire segment we did.
I. I think one of the
hardest jobs on the show was
for standards and practices.
Our guy Keith had two buttons. One was.
to bleep out anything that was
said on audio that. you know.
any swear words. stuff. he.
he'd hit the bleep button.
The other button he had.
was blur the screen. if he.
if there was something visual
that wasn't appropriate.
And I had never seen
that button used before.
like ever before in my
entire television career.
But Michael Costa was doing
an interview with Eric Andre.
Eric stood up and dropped his pants.
Here are these new boxers
I got. Look at these boxers.
Eric
And you would think
it would stop right there.
Julie gave me a card request-
But then he proceeded
to pull down the boxers
as well and he kind of tucked
his junk in between his legs.
It's okay you can do
whatever you want. it's G4.
And you know. everyone
was just in shock and awe.
In the control room. we
could see it in our monitors.
But in the return feed. the
feed that you would see at home.
the whole feed was just blurred.
And that was the first time in
history that I've seen that.
And I am kind of proud that
I was there for that moment.
"Don't Trust the B- in Apartment 23".
Are you guys rounding
up because I took my penis
and my fake vagina out.
Now over to Candace!
Not all of those
things that happened on the show
would be acceptable by today's
more conservative standards.
Pedo Bear was
a regular gag on the show.
That would not happen now.
Or to have the gag
between Candace and Sarah.
You know where every time
Candace would say. "I'm so sure".
Sarah would grab her and
put her into her chest.
Oh my gosh guys. "I'm so sure".
The infamous
fat-suit gag. which started off
really clever. just ended up
being like patently offensive.
To the point. one of the.
was one of our production
management was gonna walk.
That's right. 20
gallons of cottage cheese
in your very old souvenir wheelbarrow.
Hey Kevin. Kevin.
Joy in a wheelbarrow!
Hey. go diving. go diving for cupcakes.
That was a massive ordeal.
It ended
up being bad spirit.
but they got away with it.
Sure you can have a sexy female heroine.
but you can't have her wear
what Sara Jean Underwood wore
as "Bustice".
What the hell is happening?
Some of the fuel rods won't
go back into the cooling tank.
Fear not citizens.
Bustice is on the case.
♪ Yeah. so fine. ♪
There's
just no way you could have
someone use a stripper pole
to disarm a nuclear bomb.
It's not healthy.
I mean. even
the. the hacking a pig
in half with a sword.
"Wiffle Bat Fight Club".
Let's fight.
And we also had the. uh.
we were shooting producers
with. you know. BB guns.
Hache. you feel that?
I mean. just
anything that was abusive
towards the writers or producers.
You. you can't do that anymore.
I did a lot of on
camera drinking back then.
Basically they're like.
you're gonna try a beer
from every single booth.
and then you're gonna do
a blood alcohol test.
Okay.
2.7.
You should be dead.
I masturbate a lot. and I've
never really had real sex.
I was just curious. Am I still a virgin?
No. you're a whore.
Masturbating does not mean
that you're no longer a virgin.
by any means.
It's okay to ask the question.
There are no stupid questions. But-
I'm just kidding.
It was a smart question.
No. no. no. no. Don't listen to her.
I could get away with
every single thing I did.
I think Olivia could get away with it.
But even when you were talking about.
oh. when we covered the porn awards.
and we were told to treat
it in a clinical way.
I guarantee you it would've
been all female crew.
all female talent. Because men are not
safe today. from saying the
wrong thing around a woman.
That was horrifying.
Just like. all right.
we're talking with Cassidy Ray.
She's nominated tonight for "Double Anal".
and "Best Penetration Scene"
Cassidy. how do you feel?
And what a. what an honor. huh?
"We are
just excited to be here. um.
at the AVNs".
and then they'd
see a friend across the room.
and they'd go. "lick my tits! Whoo!
Yeah bitch. you're such a slut!
Alexis Texas is a slut!
I've been reading comic
books for like 25 years.
I don't think I've ever seen "Butt Woman"
I am sure that we did stuff
that would not fly today. I am sure of it.
And I can guarantee you
that none of it was done
with bad intent.
You know. as with
anything. context is key.
But we were like family.
and you. you put your
guard down around family.
you're a little more open around family.
and you're definitely
more blue around family.
Where people will look at a broadcast
that we did back then
today. and think. ooh.
it was always in the spirit of fun.
"Murder Master Class"
is a fun. easy-to-use.
audio lecture series
that will get you out
of the amateur league
and into the pros. Guarantee it.
Maybe it's good that we don't do
that stuff anymore. There
is a backlash to that. like
correctness culture. which I
think is kind of unfounded.
Most of that is done in a way
that's good with good intents.
but you also have this flip
side of people who kind of think
that they can say anything
and if you're being offensive.
but you're acknowledging
that you're being offensive.
that that makes it okay.
And I've never really thought
that that flies. you know.
I think a lot of things
are are for the better.
I mean obviously. we have to
be aware and and conscious
of people's feelings and
things of that nature.
But we were probably offending
people left and right
everyday.
Excuse me.
Go for Power Girl.
Power
Girl. You've got to help us.
I got my submarine
lodged in the ice up here
in the Bering Strait.
You've got good
speakers on those things.
How'd you get stuck. captain?
I mean. could you do
anything in any. at any time
ten years in the future?
I mean. I don't know.
I mean. I'm down with
being kind and empathetic
to all people. However.
I think the woke culture
has gone too far and I'm a
progressive California liberal.
I think when it comes to comedy.
you should have carte blanche.
Pillow fight!
In my opinion. it's
sad that a lot of the stuff
that we were doing back
then would never happen now.
Because you know. we have
to dilute everything.
and there's just such
more hypersensitivity.
and who's gonna be offended.
and some of that stuff
that happened back in the
days. I mean. that was just
comedy gold.
But there's something so
innately good about it.
that you can't deny
that you wanna watch it.
You have to
have that kind of mentality
that it's just humor.
They were good at that.
And so how do you criticize
somebody who's saying. no.
this is exactly what we are.
They're not apologizing for it.
Right? Ughh. off!
It doesn't
make it right all the time.
but it's just something about
when you accept what you're
putting out there and back
it. that people just go. ah.
it's that's what they do. You
know? That's who they are.
Because at the end of the day.
"Attack of the Show" was.
it was interested in things.
It never took itself seriously.
It made fun of itself
before it made fun of you.
If it did make fun of
you. it was always done
in a friendly manner. And
at the end of the day.
we're all nerds on the internet.
And I'm. I'm a sexy Washington Monument.
It's ironic because I'm wearing a bikini.
but this is historic landmark
is shaped like a giant penis-
Okay. all
right. all right. We're good.
We're good. we're good.
♪ Let's judge booth babes at Comic-Con. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Make gay jokes with a fat suit on. ♪
♪ MySpace girl of the week. Nuh. uh. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Making fun of someone
for being a geek. ♪
♪ I said. you can't do that no more. ♪
♪ No more "Bustice". boob
jokes. or being unaware. ♪
♪ Don't even talk about the Pedo Bear. ♪
♪ Man. We did it once. but now no more. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
Kevin Pereira.
him and Olivia together
were what most people remember
about "Attack of the Show".
She would always
get kind of stuck doing
the crazy field shit. I remember
her remarking being like.
this is what I gotta do to
be in Hollywood. You know?
And then of course. she leaves.
Olivia leaving first was.
it was a big hit for the show
because it changed the outlook
and. and the make-up of
the show by quite a bit.
She was getting
called up to the big leagues.
I would say. And you know. getting offers
on movies and stuff.
I think the Network was giving
her a hard time about that.
So she took a stand in.
in certain ways and.
and she did what was best
for her. and for her career.
Olivia knew
she wanted to be a star.
and she was very good at getting noticed.
She was good at what she did.
And you know. she ended
up a freaking movie star.
Rock on.
We all wanted
to be very supportive of her
leaving to fully pursue her acting career.
It's like we could have done
that. Somebody was saying.
if you're gonna be a serious
actress now you've gotta
get away from the girl
who jumped in the pot.
She's done some great stuff.
"Office Christmas Party" is awesome.
There's so many people
that we worked with.
that are in that movie.
I also think that she knew what
that show was for her. You know.
it was the showcase for her
that got her where she is today
for. for any of the talent
that was on that show. They
were able to be themselves.
and. and show their own personalities.
and show what they're capable
of. And it's basically.
you know. a 10 year audition
tape for all those guys.
I do remember
a lot of the viewers
being very bummed on Olivia's last days.
And it was. a lot of the
show's not gonna be the same
without you. It just won't be the same.
♪ Over the years. many TV stars ♪
♪ have left hit shows
to try to make it far. ♪
♪ But for every Travolta
or Hanks back in the day. ♪
♪ there's five Mischa Bartons
and nine Lisa Bonets. ♪
♪ So Olivia. yeah. good
luck. Go kill it. ♪
♪ Who the hell you think you
are girl? Bruce Willis. ♪
♪ Your AOTS roll. Who's gonna fill it? ♪
♪ But I credit you Olivia.
Damn. you freaking did it. ♪
I
remember that summer.
for the next couple months
we were on a rotating basis.
Just. you know. live
screen-testing other co-hosts.
and putting 'em through the ringer.
Listen. Bailey. when you get to work.
I only ask two things.
One. be limber.
And two. be ready to kick some ass.
It doesn't make any
sense. Kevin. where are we?
It's a new year. new co-host.
New studio.
Watch your corners. protect
your neck. Try not to get bit.
What?
Let's go bitches!
Sorry! Ugh!
And
so when it was announced
within the network that they
were gonna go with Candace.
they wanted to do a whole
week of building her up.
kind of giving her a nerd bootcamp.
So excited.
We ready?
I'm ready.
It
eventually ended with us
bringing her out on a parapet to the set.
And then that was sort of
like the big announcement.
Big hurrah.
I'm so proud and excited
to introduce the new co-host
of "Attack of the Show". Please welcome!
Candace Bailey.
Yeah!
Dynamic of
the show changed a little
because you just. it's like
anything. a sports team
or anything. when you
bring in a new person.
you gotta figure each other out.
I mean it was just
time for things to change
as they always do.
Oh right.
Those poor people.
It's tragic.
Totes tragic.
With Olivia
leaving. we always felt that
like the co-host. as long
as there was chemistry.
hosts could change out
and the show would go on.
But we said if Kevin was to leave.
that would be the end of the show.
And then Kevin announced
that he was leaving.
Uh.
the kitty cat has been
let out of the burlap sack. everybody.
The press release went out today.
I am in fact leaving "Attack
of the Show". and G4.
at the end of this month.
Boo!
Aww. boo!
Boo.
That's. that's one possible
reaction. Thank you Candace.
To me. Kevin was the show.
but he saw the writing on the
wall. as well. And I think
he wanted to get out like a
lot of people do when they're
at the top of their game.
rather than being forced out
at a time. You know. he got to choose when
and how he was gonna leave.
And although it was sad.
you know. it was his decision and the show
definitely changed after that
'cause I. I think he felt that
it wasn't the same. but the.
the magic was gone at that time
for him. and he wasn't
feeling like. you know.
it was the show that it used to be.
Well I respect him a lot for. you know.
being able to walk away from that.
When he announced
that he was leaving.
it was shocking. but also
not at all surprising.
I hate to be overdramatic.
but it was like. when.
on his final day. or the
day after his final day.
it was like losing a relative.
Like you turn around and you
still expect them to be there.
but they're not.
It was like you ripped
out the soul of the show.
and after that nothing
would ever be the same.
♪ Have you seen the forums? ♪
♪ It can't Be true. are you aware-a? ♪
♪ They say "Attack of the
Show" is losing Pereira. ♪
♪ He's the voice of the channel.
the best we have ever seen. ♪
♪ He's been on the show
since he was fifteen. ♪
♪ Or fourteen. I think
he was in junior high. ♪
♪ At fifteen. he hosted
Arena then became that guy. ♪
♪ Man. such a talent and
I wish him good luck. ♪
♪ Who's gonna host now though. man? ♪
♪ Oh. fuck. ♪
Four. three-
If you look
at how "Attack" changed
all of the late night
shows. All of a sudden now.
they were all having a game and
they were all having stunts.
And you look at what
happened with Hardwick.
With "Talking Dead".
He did that with "Heroes" and
some of the other shows on G4.
long before AMC. With everybody going out.
and doing their thing and
taking over. I was really proud.
yeah. to see that.
Two years prior
to the ending of G4.
we were all at E3. and an
article had gone out about how
the UFC was interested in
purchasing G4 but then that deal
didn't go through. And that
was like a shock to everyone.
because nobody knew that the network
was actually up for sale.
After that. it was kind
of on the radar that hey.
the higher-ups at this company
are looking to ditch G4.
To me that was
the beginning of the end.
Both of the network. and
"Attack of the Show".
and frankly the dream.
There's a great saying.
There's three sides to every story.
There's yours. there's mine and
there's the cold hard truth.
Many people may have a
different memory of exactly
what happened and what the
truth is for how it ended.
But to paraphrase Hamilton.
I was in the room where
it happened. I saw it all.
There was no conspiracy against G4.
It was a simple business decision.
Comcast had just bought NBCUniversal.
All of the cable networks
from both companies
got combined together into one big group.
And the person that was put
in charge of that group.
didn't like G4.
And I know
there was a story where.
the production was up on the
floor near the elevators.
where they sat. And the woman
who was running everything
had come in with the Kardashians.
and she was embarrassed
at having to walk through the G4 section.
because of all the toys.
and the "Squiddy" costume.
and all the nerd stuff.
And so she first had them all
moved away from the elevator.
and out of sight. And
then you could see that
they weren't gonna develop
and support for G4.
They wanted it gone and out of the way.
Within a
month. the president. my boss.
was gone. as they clearly
planned to wind down G4.
and replace it with Esquire network.
G4 went away.
Esquire network was launched.
We knew there
were gonna be changes. right?
And the idea was to make G4.
a Bravo-style network for men. right?
Upscale. urban. to some
degree hipster. I. listen.
I'm not a fan of it. it wasn't
for me. but I understood
the business case for it.
right? There is a good
business case for trying
to make the G4 audience
more valuable to advertisers
and to the cable affiliates.
Esquire
network did not last very long.
They just moved on. It was a
business decision. that sadly
was based on.
us losing our champions.
When you don't have a
champion at the highest levels
of the corporate culture.
The numbers were there.
the profit was there.
the growth was there.
the champion was no longer there.
Meeting Wilshire Boulevard 2013.
♪ Damn. gaming. I want a
channel man-splaining. ♪
♪ about man-scaping. and hands-shaking. ♪
♪ I'm campaigning for
men. smart and funny. ♪
♪ Screw gaming. that'll
never make any money. ♪
♪ I want guys in suits.
with beards and suits. ♪
♪ and cooking shows
with beards but cute. ♪
♪ and suits and beards
and fashion of sorts. ♪
♪ Metrosexual stuff. not gaming ports. ♪
♪ So sorry G4 you're at of here. ♪
♪ The Esquire network? Haha. great idea. ♪
My observation
was always that they did not
provide the support. What
they were trying to do.
was surround it with "Cops"
and "Cheaters". and shows that
didn't have anything to
do with it. And then when
they finally did have the
money. they did "Hurl!".
I mean stuff that didn't
fit our audience at all.
And I would just turn and look
at them in the control room
and say. our audience is people like me.
who is wearing cargo shorts and a t-shirt.
and doesn't really care about
fashion. or fine liquors.
or any of this stuff. And it
just didn't make any sense.
So I think they just got further.
and further away from like
who our audience was.
Unfortunately
a network that is allowed
to go off. and be wild and
creative because it was.
in a sense. a start- up.
ultimately couldn't survive
in a mega conglomerate
where it's all about brands.
and bottom lines and spreadsheets.
Somebody
from G4 put up a meme.
"well played Mayans well played".
We. uh. always had
our conspiracy theories.
The script read-throughs at "X-Play".
we were always in this
room at NBCUniversal.
They had a dry erase board
on three different walls.
and it was for each network
that they were running in there.
G4 had its own wall.
E! Entertainment had its own wall.
Style network had its own wall.
So they would list the
programming that was coming up
for the next three months. I
would point that out to Jerry.
It's like. oh we're okay
because look. you know.
they are still listing
shows on. on the whiteboard
for the next three
months. And then one day.
all of a sudden. there was
nothing for months ahead
to come on G4. And I
said. Jerry. we're done.
It was
getting to the point.
we couldn't do anything about it.
Just. it's making me kind of sick.
So it was a little relief.
when they called everybody in
the all hands meeting.
They brought every employee of G4
into this big conference room
and they had security there
as well. And when they
made the general call
for this meeting. everyone
knew what the announcement
was gonna be. and all
the G4 employees came in
and it was like a party.
It was like. it was already
like a big wrap party.
People coming in. high-fiving and stuff.
I think it wasn't the
reaction that the executives
thought was gonna happen it.
It actually
was a fun atmosphere
with all of us together.
And I think there was a lot of relief.
We just kind of went
in there and did what we.
the only thing we could do.
and we just kind of celebrated.
And that was a funny
standout moment to me.
Because I'm sure those
executives were pretty shocked.
Like why are these people so happy?
I hate to sound like a cliche.
but it's like a family. All
of these people that you see
for ten hours. some twelve
hours a day. sometimes longer.
They're. you see them
more than your own family.
A lot of friendships that I
curated for ten years were.
instantly gone.
To lose all that overnight
in the blink of a eye.
It's a lot of loss.
It definitely felt
like the end of an era.
that wasn't gonna ever happen again.
Thank you all! We love you.
We love you! We love you!
Goodnight. everybody!
Current day
creators have a lot to
nod their heads at. to
the original G4 people.
because we kind of set that
stage and opened that gateway
for number one. Anyone can do this.
All you need is a camera and a good idea.
That to me is a huge plus.
And number two.
Don't be afraid to fly your
geek flag. and. uh. and go niche
with your interests because
there's other people out there
like you.
We had magic.
We didn't have a lot of money.
but we had magic. We had
passion. we had creative freedom.
We had an environment where
people respected each other.
bounced ideas off each
other. challenged each other.
to come up with the best possible content.
Everyone behind the scenes and
in front of the camera at G4.
created content without
feeling manufactured at all.
It felt natural. G4 reached
an audience that no one else
knew how to get. And it's
only after that is gone.
when you say to yourself.
oh. when they told me
how good we had it. I
wish I'd realized it more.
Whatever happened with the show?
Well. uh. you know. G4 is coming back.
That'll be funny.
No. It is coming back.
Like today. it relaunches.
Um. do we need lawyers?
There's one
big announcement that gamers
have been asking for. because
we've been stringing them
along for freaking ever.
The launch of G4.
That's right. November 16th. 2021.
There we said it. It's happening.
♪ Oh my god. there's a new G4TV. ♪
♪ Kevin is back too. oh woe is me. ♪
♪ The relaunch is upon
us. The future is here. ♪
Um.
I think we can
be proud of the time we spent
making "Attack of the Show".
For years. being a nerd
wasn't cool. Now geek
culture is the mainstream.
Fans are the ones covering
movies. comics. video games.
and more. And the only
qualification is an ability
to be honest and authentic
when it comes to your passion.
YouTubers and streamers. they
took over and now the world
hosts its own show. Even
if it is a world without
"Attack of the Show".
.
Goodnight. everybody!
Mwah!
♪ Well let's judge booth
babes at Comic-Con. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Making gay jokes with a fat suit on. ♪
♪ MySpace girl of the week. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Making fun of someone
for being a geek. ♪
♪ I said. you can't do that no more. ♪
♪ No more "Bustice". boob
jokes. or being unaware. ♪
♪ Don't even talk about the Pedo Bear. ♪
♪ We did it once. but that was before. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
No sir.
♪ Maxim bikini shoots and high diving. ♪
♪ Can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Talk Eiffel Tower and end high fiving. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Using motor boating as a verb. ♪
♪ Going on camera smoking herb. ♪
♪ You can't do that. Yes you can. ♪
Yes you can. Like way more. huh?
♪ Hey. put a server up
your ass. What nerve! ♪
♪ Saying now your has been served. ♪
♪ We did it once. but now no more. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
What else?
♪ Shooting producers with BB guns? ♪
♪ Can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Kevin spiked a baby doll just for fun. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Licking next -gen consoles? ♪
♪ Watch a new "Attack of the Show". ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
♪ No more "Bustice". boob
jokes. or being unaware. ♪
♪ Don't even talk about that Pedo Bear. ♪
♪ We did it once. but that was before. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more.
No you can't do that no more. ♪
♪ Said. we did it once.
but that was before. ♪
♪ You can't do that no more. ♪
All right. Stop. stop.
I've seen enough.
Olivia outfit's gotta be a lot skimpier.
And Kevin. go lift some
weights. Will you fella? Oh boy.
'Nuff said.
Excelsior!
Welcome back. Film expert. Chris Gore.
What is up first. Chris?
Well. sorry to say. this is
the last edition of "DVDuesday"
I'm ever going to do.
I mean. does anyone even buy DVDs anymore?
Actually. you know what?
I buy DVDs and we're
reviewing today the movie
that you actually just
saw. "Attack of the Doc".
Now hopefully you bought this legally.
You didn't download it from
one of those sites. I mean.
look. would you steal a car?
No. absolutely not.
But I'm gonna admit I'm a little biased.
because I made the movie.
Now. could I have done a better job?
Absolutely. I could have
done a much better job.
But for what it is. I think
"Attack of the Doc" is a buy.
Bye!